Hello everyone and welcome to this election.
I'm super excited because now we're getting a little bit closer to actually building our convolution
network.
So let's go ahead and see how can we do this.
So first step is that we wanted to perform or Colin normalization to the data or data normalization.
Why is that.
First let's see the original image so let's go to the head to the extreme and that's upper case or extreme
that's on it.
And if you take a look here you would see that these are the images which is again the values of the
actual pixels.
If you remember we had each image was 64 by 64 by three which is three dimensions and each pixel has
a value ranging from zero up to 255.
Zero indicates Black value and twenty two hundred fifty five indicates collared image.
All right.
What we do in general before we perform the training we actually prefer to do what we call a normalization.
So we one of this values to range from zero to one that would be make it much easier for the network
and improve our accuracy significantly.
So let's go ahead and normalize the details.
When I say okay X under squirting the quilt's 2 x underscored today and you can simply divide by 2 5
5 that's it.
That we're simply going to go and take all of these values and divide by 24.
Two hundred fifty five just two the numbers we're going to change only from 0 to 1 y 255 because we
know that the maximum value within our pixel is 255 indicating a white collar.
If you go to X underskirt test let's do that to the testing data set as well.
So X of discourse tests divided by 255 lists on that end.
Looks good.
Let's go ahead and view extreme.
And that's our extreme again.
OK.
Looks way better.
Now we have the actual data which is changing again from zeo Till one point eight figures.
But that indicates like you know kind of a white collar say because one that's our white collar.
Let's go ahead and for example show the data or show one image show that image show.
And let's go ahead and view any simple extreme for example of 10 let's say nonintuitive.
The images still you know intergraded way in that image show as kind of a collared image even though
the pixels are ringing from Cedar to.
Even if still normalize it.
Let's go ahead and check the extreme dimensions so extend or shape one more time.
Again it's six hundred sixty four 64 four by three in the killing 600 images and each image 64 by 64.
By three let's go ahead and view why train and why.
But shape run it.
And we have 600 samples okay.
Looks good.
That's the actual label.
So let's go ahead and actually build our convolution and Eric.
That's kind of the most exciting part.
So we're going to do they're going to use Keris.
OK.
Which is really powerful kind of tool within python that we can use to build our deep networks build
our you know machine learning algorithms.
It's really powerful and actually sits kind of on top of penso floor which is Google's platform used
to build very powerful position here and it works.
So let's go ahead and important important packages were going to be using.
So going to the okay from say Keris dart models we're going to import sequential.
Sequential.
END.
We're going to say okay from I'm going to show you exactly what they mean by all this let's try them
first from Keris dog models.
We're going to import it as well.
Well one imported kind of 2D.
We're going to import Max pooling to díaz one.
Actually this an uppercase N we're going to imported thence we are going to import flaten N we're going
to import drop out.
I hope some of these names are pretty familiar to you.
So we have drop out.
Okay.
And let's go ahead as well any import from Keris.
Dot optimizers.
We're going to import.
Adam which is the Adam optimiser are going to be using.
And then I'm going to hear an import as well of the lads last step.
I'm going to imported pensa board which is you know kind of again.
We're going to use it extensively to actually treat our model.
Masi Oka from Keris.
Dot call-backs.
Import.
Energon imports penso born.
Are ready OK.
So let's do that first.
And it looks good.
So we're using tensaw floor as Beck.
Let's go ahead and actually see what you mean by this.
So first we import the sequential So what we're going to do here is we're going to build old convolution
network from the left hand side to the right hand side in a sequential form.
OK.
All right.
What do you mean by this.
He gently thing a little bit of air.
So that's my in my bed so keep in the models we're going to say it's layers.
OK.
And the optimizers he had just missed an hour.
Let's try that again.
And it looks good now Chad.
Perfectly.
So let's go ahead and actually understand what you mean by this.
First step is he would then weigh sequential so we would going to use then to start building our convolution
our network from the left hand side to the right hand side in a sequential fashion.
So again to build for example our input layer and then we're going to use our feature detectors afterwards
and then I'm going to do the meck spooling layer after and then maybe drop out afterwards and then we're
going to flatten it and then do with a fully connected layer.
So it's very important to actually use the sequential to build in a sequential fashion I'm going to
show you again how can we do this.
And then from Kira's book layers we import the convolution to do that we'll get to build our convolution
or layer.
We had to the max pooling going into the dense food for the fully connected fission network which is
you know on the right hand side of the network.
We're going to flatten n or drop out as well.
And these two are important for the optimization portion.
So were going to use Adam optimizers to actually go ahead and perform our training our aid.
OK.
So let's go ahead and train our model.
So first we can in a sense sheet CNN underscored models for our scale model.
You can call it whatever from our sequential you in a sense she has an object from these sequential
OK and let's run that.
It looks good.
And let's go ahead and start actually start building our network.
So going to say okay CNN.
On the schauder model dots.
This started airds organists start basically adding different layers to our network in a second to d
n he'll we have to specify the dimensions of our convolution and so we are going to do here.
We agreed to use 64 kernels.
Okay.
And the dimension at each granolas six basics you can go ahead and choose whatever value you want as
long as it works and then afterwards you have to specify our input shape and our activation.
So again say okay input on discourse shape equals two.
When you say input sheet that's basically the shape of the actual image that was feeding to our network.
So if you us a call we have the dimensions was 64 64 64 by three because it was a coloured image.
Right.
And less set.
Were going to do here.
We have to specify the activation on activation function.
So we're going to say okay activation equals two.
We're going to use the elu activation here in this case.
So bear in mind we're going to use the loo activation in all our hidden layers so all the layers and
conversion layers as well were going to use to give us a call.
We use that elude to actually add then in the edit it or not.
However the output on the output lay were going to use the sigmoid function.
Why.
Because we actually want our output to be set to read and we're looking for the output to be either
0 or 1 right or kind of you know smiling or not smiling it doesn't make sense to edry you at the aptly.
All right.
So that's the first layer Let's go ahead and add the additional layer.
Let's go ahead though and say Okay.
CNN underscored model and we're going to add as well.
And let's add it Max spooling layer if you as a member if we do the convolutions first and then we're
going to do the Mexifornia after the Tsuki Amex pulling to the end.
We're going to specify what portion size pool underscore size equal to and we're going to use filters
to both to filter to actually do the mext pulling for us.
Let's action on that to make sure that we're actually running.
Okay looks good.
All right let's add a drop outlay to Mexico.
CNN and the squid model dot Ed and we're going to air drop out.
Drop out n or specify let's say point to kind of 20 per cent of the neurones were going to be dropped
out randomly.
All right.
So that's pretty much it.
That's pretty much how can we build our first layer.
Firstly going and do what we're going to do here is going to add an additional convolution afterwards.
Okay.
That seems to improve the performance of our network.
So let's go ahead actually do this.
We're going to add again another convolution layer and the other mext pooling layer.
So going to basically copy their base at here.
And let's for example make it again six by six.
No problem.
But we don't where we don't want to add in it because it doesn't make sense.
He we don't have an input to the network.
Why.
Because the output coming out from this layer is we're going to be fed as an input to this layer.
So does it make sense to actually this sort of this endless keep the activation as Lulu and then exporting
let's make it two way too.
All right so here we added kind of two layers of convolutions Let's go ahead.
We have two more steps to go.
We wanted to add simply our flattening.
So let's go ahead and flatten that CNN underscored model and we're going to Ed's flat and layer.
Flatten and that we're simply going to flatten our matrix we're going to make it just one single layer
to be ready to actually be fed into our fully connectedly.
So let's go ahead and add a fully connected network as a mistake.
CNN underscored model.
We're going to see say Okay.
Ed.
Anyone want to add if we connected that's opening using dense.
Okay which is the output most the open player or the opport network we just say dense silky opiate underscore
dimensions equates to you can select whatever number we select one to eight.
Anyone going to specify as well.
Activation equals to really who in this case.
Again please bear in mind that this is the hidden layer.
One of the layers within our fully connected layer Let's go ahead and actually do the last network with
the less output of our network.
OK.
So yes okay CNN on called good model that Ed let's go ahead and add dense as well.
And we need we need to specify our output dimensions so our output underscored a dimension equal to
one and that's very important to me to make sure to adjust that vett that premiere because here we only
have one opiate which is you know kind of a kind of a binary output you get to zero in the killing that
faces not smiling or the one in beginning's mining.
And go ahead and do the activation sequence to sigmoid.
Again it's important to make sure that all the activation functions in he'd within the network inside
our values.
Okay.
Just to add non-linearity.
However for the opiate if you're opiate is binary or category if it's OK if it's caddick What are the
different story.
But if it's if it's binary you need to make sure it's actually sigmoid output was sigmoid activation
function in the opiate.
All right.
Let's grab them on that.
And it looks pretty good to us.
All right.
Okay.
And that's been much how can you actually build our network I used to enjoy that lecture in the future
lecture.
We're going to go ahead and actually start treating our model because now we haven't done any training
or we have done so far.
It just you know like building our network the next lecture going to see how can we treat our model
and then afterwards we're going to start to test out what people get in to their lecture and see you
in the next lecture.